we've got a vine here we have rooted
using the two liter bottle method or air
layering method and what I want to do
now is kind of talk a little bit about
what we're going to do with this fine
from this point the first thing we want
to do is actually separate divine from
its mother so I'm going to take my
cutters and won't cut it use them a
cutters I also have my two liter bottle
tied up to my wire I'm going to take
that off the light lame I pruners down
and what I want to do now is if you
follow me down here we have a little pot
and I'm going to take this plant and I'm
going to pot it in this little black pot
so I'm going to dump the dirt out being
careful not to not to hurt the plant
and I'll bring the bottle right off of
the top just like that and there we have
it we have a plant that is rooted and
when he gets along in April here in the
southeastern southeastern North Carolina
we're actually going to take this plant
I'm going to carry it out to the
vineyard to a place that we have or
we're needing a plan and we're going to
plant it but that's how you do a two
liter air layering system on routing
plants we've routed it by placing the
pot on sometime in july late june july
and it is now over in december and we
are taking it off the vine and we're
going to put in this pot now if we're
going to keep it in this pot what we
want to do is to actually come out here
and dig a hole and set the pot down in
the ground level with the top of the
ground and that will keep the roots from
freezing during the winter if you leave
the pot on top of the ground you may
have some issue during the winter we
depart actually on the roots freezing in
here and it could kill the vine one
thing I would not recommend is to carry
this and put it in a greenhouse you want
to leave it outside let the plant
realize that it is dormant and in the
springtime along about April when it
starts everything starts greening up
we're going to go out and plant this in
our vineyard one thing to always
remember when you pot plants like this
is to label them now what I've got is a
little strip here that you can get from
nurseries you could use anything a piece
of tape but I'm simply going to place it
around the plant on this particular vine
is a Carlos vine and it says carlos
right here on this sticker but that just
lets me know that's what that plan is
you always want to make sure you
remember what you've rooted if i didn't
label this lie had four or five they
easily get mixed up and that's simply
how you earlier I must get on great plan